Remove Kafka and ZooKeeper upgrades from StatefulSets (#10935)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/operators/ref-operator-cluster-feature-gates.adoc

The `UseStrimziPodSets` feature gate introduced the `StrimziPodSet` custom resource for managing Kafka and ZooKeeper pods, replacing the use of Kubernetes `StatefulSet` resources.

IMPORTANT: With the `UseStrimziPodSets` feature gate permanently enabled, direct downgrades from Strimzi 0.35 and newer to Strimzi 0.27 or earlier are not possible.
You must first downgrade through one of the Strimzi versions in-between, disable the `UseStrimziPodSets` feature gate, and then downgrade to Strimzi 0.27 or earlier.

> When upgrading to Strimzi 0.46.0 or newer from Strimzi 0.34.0 or older while using the Kafka operand, make sure the `UseStrimziPodSets` feature gate is enabled and `StrimziPodSets` are used before starting the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before upgrading from Strimzi 0.38.0 or older to 0.46.0 or newer, make sure the `UseStrimziPodSets` feature gate is enabled and `StrimziPodSet` resources are in use for Kafka.
```
